tweak help (#375)
deltachat/deltachat-pages: en/help.md

- Messages from contacts **contacted by you**
- **Replies** to messages sent by you

> Other messages do not appear automatically, and are to be found in the **Contact requests**. If desired a chat can be started from there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other messages do not appear automatically, and are to be found in **Contact requests**. If desired a chat can be started from there.
```
(?)

about feedback which makes the app more secure for all of our users.

### Which permissions does Delta Chat need?

> Depending on the used operating system,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the operating system in use,
```

### Creation of a group

> - Select **New chat** and then **New group** from the main menu or hit the "+" button on Android.

Reviewer 2: maybe we could add an inline image/icon of the main menu symbol.

Author: yeah, maybe but i would not do that as part of this pr. alone this line is already a great improvement and it might be that it is totally fine this way.

also, such things make maintainability a lot harder - and we already needed 8 months to fix a simple line ;)

Author: we could also say  "sandwich menu" instead of "main menu" maybe this is better, although this is not 100% correct. esp. on desktop, the "main menu" is sth. different.

Author: there is also a unicode character: ⋮

Author: maybe "Select **New chat** and then **New group** from the menu in the upper right corner or hit the corresponding button on Android/iOS"

Reviewer 2: I have not much opinion on this, maybe just add the unicode caracter and call it a day, but I think ios user interface is different isn't it?

Author: yip, ios is different. but "upper right corner" will do the job there. the icon we are using is used in tons of other apps. i do not expect much problems there. i also think "upper right corner" is sufficient for desktop. let's try that out, we can change it later anyway :)

  messages are not encrypted until an Autocrypt-compliant app is available again. 

- If you want to rather avoid end-to-end-encrypted e-mails by default, 

>   use the corresponding Autocrypt setting at "Settings" or "Advanced settings".

Reviewer: why "at"?

Author: ```suggestion
  use the corresponding Autocrypt setting in "Settings" or "Advanced settings".
```

### How can I verify cryptographic status with a sender? 

> If you are physically nearby the chat partner:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are within immediate distance of the chat partner:
```

Author: yeah, that's better, thanks.

- Select **QR Invite code** on one device and then **Scan QR code**
  on the other one and scan the code. If both devices are online,
  they will introduce a chat channel with each-other (if it doesn't exist already) 
  and the encryption keys will also be verified.  Both will see a
  "sender verified" system message in their 1:1 chat. 

> If you are not nearby the chat partner, you can check the status manually in the "Encryption" dialog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are not near the chat partner, you can check the status manually in the "Encryption" dialog
```

### How can I check the encryption of messages?

> - If a little **padlock** is shown beside a message, this denotes the message is end-to-end-encrypted and is sent from the given sender.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A little **padlock** shown beside a message denotes whether the message is end-to-end-encrypted from from the given sender.
```

- Yes. The best way is to send an Autocrypt Setup Message from the other e-mail client. Look for something like **Start Autocrypt Setup Transfer** in the settings of the other client and follow the instructions shown there.

> - Alternatively, you can import the key manually at "Settings" or "Advanced settings" and then "Import secret keys". Caution: Make sure the key is not protected by a password, or remove the password beforehand.

Reviewer: why "at"? "from" is good(?)

Author: i thought that is more correctly, but no idea why :) however, as it was "in" before, i will just leave it this way.

```suggestion
- Alternatively, you can import the key manually in "Settings" or "Advanced settings" and then "Import secret keys". Caution: Make sure the key is not protected by a password, or remove the password beforehand.
```

If you want to use the **same account** on different devices, you should export
a backup from the old device, and import it into the new device:

- On the old device, go to "Settings" or "Settings / Chats and media" and then to "Backup". Enter your
  screen unlock PIN, pattern, or password. Then you can click on "Start
  Backup". This saves the backup file to your device. Now you have to transfer

>   it to the other device somehow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  it to the other device in a secure manner.
```

Author: maybe right, but out of scope of this pr.

Reviewer: I don't think the document isn't trying to give you clues on how to do things right…
